c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.exe
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.deps.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.dll
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\bin\Debug\net9.0\Prova.pdb
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\Prova.styles.css
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\Prova.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ey7l62lbs8-b9sayid5wm.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lsyb3n4a6f-61n19gt1b8.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\gyk6ojk337-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qudjf9bxcj-bqjiyaj88i.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5jpj229c2m-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\e377mhy4q9-erw9l3u2r3.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5hbtimpvan-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8j1t49bgbl-d7shbmvgxk.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bcewdkhtyb-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6swy1n9xw5-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\eswie162d5-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kth94duf16-ub07r2b239.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ws69vncscx-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qqvm4sqera-b7pk76d08c.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\l6qnxlwysr-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yhtr0yi7oq-rzd6atqjts.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k1appez80p-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xwb5or89a6-dxx9fxp4il.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\a4s2ctz17s-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7ladbs2vir-khv3u5hwcm.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0i0mmpjme4-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\40hwbja6hn-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7pimh4qoey-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\76mzr9kt6u-tdbxkamptv.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\aiz82rnpbc-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\amdghysliv-06098lyss8.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qmrfvzei51-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lmyuqhdnhi-s35ty4nyc5.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ciccjpq57k-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bq4lejieod-46ein0sx1k.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9m9wn42vz6-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kk4gfd5dvj-37tfw0ft22.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\izln99k569-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\42mwez0drf-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ii99gp9gqz-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kcrraurycv-6cfz1n2cew.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kb7asyjc11-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6wyfmjbvdj-493y06b0oq.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5ch59knvc6-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\082zdgx4ca-vr1egmr9el.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\5hn9t43pmg-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\y3zmyuaker-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jz8hb7lspu-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rhsex31fb8-notf2xhcfb.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\d8e9ot0a1a-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4c1onpp3cb-63fj8s7r0e.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cyvp2qvfxp-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2tfqvhaja5-47otxtyo56.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\hl2rs6k2u5-4v8eqarkd7.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3cfd0zw3bb-356vix0kms.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yuq774xzab-83jwlth58m.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\amajuge9zw-mrlpezrjn3.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c3z571v3oc-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s5j5xpdncj-ag7o75518u.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jd4wopkwex-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9j0brfksfs-0i3buxo5is.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wg1oki0v1l-o1o13a6vjx.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fjthl87iyc-ttgo8qnofa.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\gj23ibm9u3-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\exy6r4jf90-muycvpuwrr.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\eelurs0q88-87fc7y1x7t.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\jm28ytjzir-mlv21k5csn.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4lb5so6sfp-f12ukerx5u.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\haexvw125m-f12ukerx5u.gz
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Prova.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Prova.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Prova.props
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Prova.props
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Prova.props
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.dll
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Prova.dll
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.pdb
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\Prova.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\mathe\OneDrive\Documentos\Projetos Programação\Programa\Prova\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Prova.dll
